I thought that January 6 and the
overturning of roow versus Wade and
Trump's manifestly authoritarian
Tendencies as evidenced by the people
who were closest with him in the White
House I thought it would be enough to
overcome those problems on the
Democratic side and I was absolutely
dead wrong so couple of problems
specifically with K's campaign you know
I think there was way too much spending
time with Liz Cheney spending time with
Mark Cuban uh way too little time
spending time with birie Sanders
spending time with Sean Fain who's the
president of the UAW and in general you
know Pi something I agreed with from
your intro is the last guy who did the
best with the Coalition that is fleeing
the Democratic party right now is Bernie
Sanders and Democrats did everything
they possibly could to block him from
not only ascending to you know be the
Democratic nominee but to block him from
having any significant influence in the
party